My name is Davey Loos.
I studied biochemistry
at the University of Leuven in Belgium,
and after that time
I did a PhD in the same area.
When I was a young child,
I believed in the Bible.
But growing up,
I kind of lost my interest in it.
When you go to university
and you study life sciences
or biochemistry, for example,
you get introduced into the idea
of the origin of life very quickly
and also into the principle
of evolution.
The professors
who taught these courses,
they were really scientists
with long careers,
and they were well-established scientists,
and we had a lot of respect for them.
So there was just no way to really question
the principle of evolution.
In 1999, there was a war
in Europe—in Kosovo
—and I remember reading
in the Bible as a child
about the future events
that would take place,
and I started wondering whether the war
in Kosovo was one of those events.
So that led me
to pick up the Bible again.
At the time, I felt that I had to reexamine
my beliefs about the origin of life
and also about the principle
of evolution.
Based on the theory of evolution,
we would expect to see
an abundance of transitional forms
to be present in the fossil record.
But when we do look at the fossil evidence,
we just don’t see that.
We see that the major species
come into existence
at specific times,
and their form and structure
is still exactly the same
as their form
and structure today.
It was actually Darwin himself
who wrote in his book
that the biggest objection
that could be brought against this theory
would be the fact
that the fossil record
does not show an abundance
of transitional forms.
And that’s what really happens
if you look at the set of data
—the fossil record seems to prove
the opposite of evolution.
As a biochemist,
I had the opportunity to learn about
and study
many different biomolecules.
And I observed
that pretty much every biomolecule
is really a complex molecule.
We can look at them
as nanoscale molecular motors
or machines that are performing
very complex and specific tasks.
For me, the complexity that we see in nature
and the complexity in those molecules
points to the fact
that there really is a Creator.